UPN updates to objectIdentity (#14243)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/objectidentity.md

| Property   | Type |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |signInType|string| Specifies the user sign-in types in your directory, such as `emailAddress`, `userName`, `federated`, or `userPrincipalName`. Here, `federated` represents a unique identifier for a user from an issuer, that can be in any format chosen by the issuer. Setting or updating a `userPrincipalName` identity will update the value of the `userPrincipalName` property on the user object. The same validations performed on the `userPrincipalName`property on the user object regarding verified domains, acceptable characters, etc. will be performed when setting or updating a `userPrincipalName` identity. Additional validation is enforced on **issuerAssignedId** when the sign-in type is set to `emailAddress` or `userName`. This property can also be set to any custom string.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|signInType|String| Specifies the user sign-in types in your directory, such as `emailAddress`, `userName`, `federated`, or `userPrincipalName`. `federated` represents a unique identifier for a user from an issuer, that can be in any format chosen by the issuer. Setting or updating a `userPrincipalName` identity will update the value of the **userPrincipalName** property on the user object. The validations performed on the `userPrincipalName` property on the user object, for example, verified domains and acceptable characters, will be performed when setting or updating a `userPrincipalName` identity. Additional validation is enforced on **issuerAssignedId** when the sign-in type is set to `emailAddress` or `userName`. This property can also be set to any custom string.|
```
